use 'godoc cmd//target' for documentation on the /target command 


# bson
    import "."

Package bson implements encoding and decoding of BSON objects as defined
at a href="http://bsonspec.org/spec.html">http://bsonspec.org/spec.html</a>. The mapping between BSON objects and Go
values is described in the documentation for the Marshal and Unmarshal functions.





## Variables
``` go
var ErrTooShort = errors.New("bson document too short")
```

## func Marshal
``` go
func Marshal(v interface{}) ([]byte, error)
```
Marshal returns the BSON encoding of v.

Struct values encode as JSON objects. Each exported struct field becomes
a member of the object unless


	- the field's tag is "-", or
	- the field is empty and its tag specifies the "omitempty" option.

Map values encode as JSON objects. The map's key type must be string;
the object keys are used directly as map keys.


## func Unmarshal
``` go
func Unmarshal(data []byte, v interface{}) error
```
Unmarshal parses the BSON-encoded data and stores the result in the
value pointed to by v.

Unmarshal uses the inverse of the encodings that Marshal uses,
allocating maps, slices, and pointers as necessary.

Portions of data may be retained by the decoded result in v. Data should
not be reused.



## type Decoder
``` go
type Decoder struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```
A Decoder reads and decodes BSON objects from an input stream.









### func NewDecoder
``` go
func NewDecoder(r io.Reader) *Decoder
```
NewDecoder returns a new decoder that reads from r.




### func (\*Decoder) Decode
``` go
func (d *Decoder) Decode(v interface{}) error
```
Decode reads the next BSON-encoded value from its input and stores it in
the value pointed to by v.

See the documentation for Unmarshal for details about the conversion of
BSON into a Go value.



## type Encoder
``` go
type Encoder struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```
An Encoder writes BSON objects to an output stream.









### func NewEncoder
``` go
func NewEncoder(w io.Writer) *Encoder
```
NewEncoder returns a new encoder that writes to w.




### func (\*Encoder) Encode
``` go
func (e *Encoder) Encode(v interface{}) error
```
Encode writes the BSON encoding of v to the stream, followed by a
newline character.

See the documentation for Marshal for details about the conversion of Go
values to BSON.



## type InvalidBSONTypeError
``` go
type InvalidBSONTypeError struct {
    Type byte
}
```
An InvalidBSONTypeError describes an unhandled BSON document element type.











### func (\*InvalidBSONTypeError) Error
``` go
func (e *InvalidBSONTypeError) Error() string
```


## type InvalidUnmarshalError
``` go
type InvalidUnmarshalError struct {
    Type reflect.Type
}
```
An InvalidUnmarshalError describes an invalid argument passed to Unmarshal.
(The argument to Unmarshal must be a non-nil pointer.)











### func (\*InvalidUnmarshalError) Error
``` go
func (e *InvalidUnmarshalError) Error() string
```


## type MarshalerError
``` go
type MarshalerError struct {
    Type reflect.Type
    Err  error
}
```










### func (\*MarshalerError) Error
``` go
func (e *MarshalerError) Error() string
```


## type UnsupportedTypeError
``` go
type UnsupportedTypeError struct {
    Type reflect.Type
}
```
An UnsupportedTypeError is returned by Marshal when attempting
to encode an unsupported value type.











### func (\*UnsupportedTypeError) Error
``` go
func (e *UnsupportedTypeError) Error() string
```








- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)